c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe.config
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.pdb
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorBilgiDüzenle.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorDetay.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmGirisler.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaGiris.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaKayıt.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmRandevuListesi.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmSekreterDetay.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmSekreterGiris.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.pdb
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmBilgiDüzenle.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmBrans.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorGiris.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorPaneli.resources
c:\users\muhammed\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDuyurular.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe.config
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.pdb
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.pdb
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmBilgiDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmBrans.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorBilgiDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorGiris.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorPaneli.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDuyurular.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmGirisler.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaGiris.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaKayıt.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmRandevuListesi.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmSekreterDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmSekreterGiris.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe.config
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmBilgiDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmBrans.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorBilgiDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorGiris.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDoktorPaneli.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmDuyurular.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmGirisler.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaGiris.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmHastaKayıt.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmRandevuListesi.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmSekreterDetay.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.FrmSekreterGiris.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.exe
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.pdb
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\bin\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.pdb
C:\Users\Muhammed\OneDrive\Masaüstü\DOSYALAR\Hastane_Otomasyon\Hastane_Otomasyon\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
